Write geojson file with WGS84 coordinates in Model.write_geoms() (#684)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/changelog.rst

- Bug in `raster.set_crs` if input_crs is of type CRS. (#659)
- Export CLI now actually parses provided geoms. (#660)
- Bug in stats.skills for computation of pbias and MSE / RMSE. (#666)

> - `Model.write_geoms` now enforces GeoJSON to write coordinates in WGS84 if specified (#510)

Reviewer: I suggest to rephrase to make clear it is an option.
```suggestion
- `Model.write_geoms` now has an option to write GeoJSON coordinates in WGS84 if specified (#510)
```
